I would like you to write about getting bad grades in school,
about the kinds of people that don’t see anything wrong with that.

I would like you to lift up the spirits of students who were broken by the system, who gave up on learning, because of too many bad grades, because there is nothing they can do to lift up the brand bad grades and ridicule and cruelty cursed them with.

You are not speaking to children, children have hope. These students have been marred, scarred, betrayed, they aren’t able to lift themselves anymore.

Unless you lift them, they will become permanently convinced they are stupid, they are less, they are incapable of learning. They are broken.

You must rage against their fall.
You are al they have.

Genius is not rare, it is stolen!

Bad grades are not real!
These students are thrown under the bus, so that the overall school grades look statistically plausible.

They are the sacrifice, so that the ineffective education fraud can go on.

Tell them the truth. They are betrayed by false teachers, by cirricula that can’t work because education is profoundly intimate.

We cannot be made to learn knowledge outside in. Knowledge cannot be rubbed on our heads like magical mud.

It is not just that a fire, or desire for education must be kindled.

Students need safety and security, where can build a palace of knowledge in their mind and in their world. Where eudemonia can take root and expand.

And the very act of hurrying learning, most often inducing or coercing memeorization, to pass a test on time, for good grades, for a high GPA or fail in life. Is toxic, caustic, destructive and poisonous.


The thread of being forever marked as “not smart”, prevents the building of the palace, prevents dreaming, prevents having a fresh mind – precislay because a student is tricked into believing there is something wrong with them, or their brain, or genetics.

This sick betrayal ensures the building of a class of workers, addicts, cheaters, hustlers, and even soldiers who never ask questions.

It is the the building of a fraud, or a war, of an underclass, the manufactorying of sick and addicted. The breaking of the promise on such a scale, that it must end now.

---

You are not just speaking to students marred by bad grades.

But grownups who lived their lives convinced they were broken.

Failure of the young to pick up where the great beings left off is the end.

This is where humanity dies, my friend – and we have to stop it.

And a powerful poem, that will snap everyone out of the idea that they are not smart, and grades prove it is where we need to begin.

Do not spare your anger, do not hold your tongue,
or there will be no tomorrow.

Tell them achievement and greatness is the measure of a human being,

Tell them that the act of learning results in stand-alone powers,
clear and permanent, not pre-requsites, not memorization.

Lack of evidence of profound education,
is prof of fraud.

Subject divisions are not real,
our curiosity is boundless.

But be angry, because once marred by grades,
almost no one becomes who they really are.

Be unforgiving my friend,
end the betrayal for the betrayed.

Write!
