Today we have a beautiful, and colorful, and cute as a button project on out hand.

A young lady, walking down the street with a friend. Presenting a heated monologue, pickled with obscenities, like only a young Scottish lady born and raised among boys, would know.

The time and date is mid 16th century.

And the argument... she is arguing for the superiority of the Zweihänder (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zweih%C3%A4nder).

And she just spits fire, fire, after fire. With obscenities and scenarios.

(The vocabulary, setting, is completley made up and anachronistic. It is for the modern audience to show the passion of a cute Scottish tomboy girl for a sword that she would love to own and loves the idea of. It is just superior to her.)

Word to use

- Snicker snack (cut with a sword) through a castle full of blueberry muffins (men fool enough to stand in her way)
- to ram a pike up a macaroni hat (attack a well dressed enemy in the worst possible way) [underlining the halberd nature of the Zweihänder]
- Her asking in bastard Scottish: how can a pork-chop (a large adult) even come close to her when his head is already split six feet from her... (she is being boastful about the range)

(Again this text if for adults, but we want to make them love this character. It is for a modern American audience, so we speak in a Cute Scottish, but a dialect that still shows the cuteness of the language, when spit like fire by a feisty lady.

- no character developed, just her monologue; her love for the sword, her yearning for a good battle
- her character is very bold, brave, daring, courageous, stubborn, rebellious, and headstrong tomboy girl, whose brothers are damn scared of her
- this is like a poem, just the beautiful cutest thing.

IMPORTANT: in the arguments for the superiority of the Zweihänder she is just creating adorable insulting names for people all over. When American audience hears this, I wan them to write those insults down, and use them for their friends. "Duller than a spoon", "Haggis on it way out the way it came, and the way it didn't" (meaning puke and diarrhea). Dirty and wonderful, and all about the power of the Zweihänder to smite the fools who think there is a better weapon.


NOTICE: I am not Scottish (nobody is perfect), I will need help with pronunciation, we need to use HTML, color, font-weight, and case to help me "spit" (pronounce) the words to accurately capture the meter and Scot inspired slang.

I practice narration. I love the Scottish language, but I need easy to read pronunciation aids:

Willie: I hate him
I-ATE-im (right below the poem text)

I will need a markdown version as well, this time just the poem no pronunciation aid.

NOW, LET US THIS YOUNG LADY TEACH US THE GORY OF THE ZWEIHÄNDER, ONCE AND FOR ALL <3
