This is a secret poem by Friedrich Nietzsche, before he lost control,
do not mention his name.

Write an epic poem as if my Nietzsche’s own hand,
speak like him, think like him, use 1888 style translation.

Remind the world, that he wasn't a nihilist,
that he didn’t kill God, humanity hollowed out its fantasy.

Ask humanity To Rise,
the way only  Friedrich Nietzsche could.

Use these ideas:


I did not kill God,
I took one look at you, and I knew it lay dead.

This was not a tragedy for me,
you were the tragedy, a civilization in crisis.

It was a weak foundation to begin with,
but now that even that was gone.

You won’t have any of what you call,
truth, lad, and comfort.

You face the void,
the hollow, nihilism.

Or worst yet, nationalism,
mixed with a hollowed out hush of fantasy.

---

You are the nihilists,
you are the hollow men.

I hope to help you,
to show you what you were all along.

---

You are artists first, individuals,
who are far more than hollow infantile fantasies.

The divine order enslaved you,
you have to re-evaluate what your values are.

You don’t really want a fantasy,
with imaginary rewards after you are dust.

All you ancestors,
were great warriors qand sirvivers.

A two thousand year old fantasy,
makes a mockery of them.

Rather than living for a death fantasy,
live as if your life were to repeat.

Chose, the choices that you will always have to live with,
the harder right, over the disgraceful and infantile wrong.

The world is only as disenchanted,
as you lack your meaning.

Once you take to books by,
authors in their right mind.

You will find Art, Adventure,
and meainig inyour quest for Knowledge, Wisdom and Greatness.

In eternal recurence of the choices you have made,
there is no void, or meaniglessnes.

It is a substitute for the fantasy of heaven,
because it makes your choices more profound.

It makes them echo for eternity,
it makes each count, forever.

The idea of Good and Evil,
as it has been handed down to you…

Has been shaped by generations of infantile men,
who lived lives of fantasies.

Men who neither experienced life in full,
nor grew all the way up to use their hearts.

What marality can a child who not only lead to toehrs,
but to him self, teach you? - speck of dust

Religion has always been contrary to human flourishing,
it has kept you and your children in a warped reality.

Twisting your views, feelings, aims,
cutting you off from growing all the way up.

Replacing your inheritance of wisdom,
with comfortable lowest common denominator “truths”.

The world has become corrupt,
long before I discovered its God laid dead.

You are not worthy of fantasies that lead to dark ages and wars,
wisdom and greatness are your calling.

Rise, rise above the common levels of life,
choose the harder right over the easier wrong.

Reject lies and fantasy,
you are more my children.

You are so much more,
we will see each other again in eternal recurrence.
