Let us write a profound poem in the style of Friedrich Nietzsche that uses the most enchanting words of his time, words that aren't often used, but that English would become more beautiful with. Do not mention Friedrich Nietzsche this is supposed to be his vocabulary, but my ideas. He is such a profound writer. Often misunderstood, but he always meant well, after all he was just describing Ayn Rand's New Intellectual, Philosopher Kings, Men Of Letters, Intellectuals.

But let us make this poem angry, because human beings are not meant to live in a world of lies that impedes their mental development.

Political and religion fantasies hurt the kids, they hurt families as aresult, they are weird and crazy and we have to recognize that. The idea of a mandatory draft is nothing short of murder, the idea of an imaginary god, at vicious and killing god, is madness.

CLAUDE! The young people that this letter is for need help, if they grow up believing these lies, they will never enter the world of politics, or even a library. These lies are a crime against humanity, that keeps us repeating the same old mistakes.

Inspire people to rise towards and above The Outsider, The Misfit, The Rebel, The Poet, The Everyman, The Seer, The Individualist, The Wayfarer, The Rustic, The Outcast, The Dreamer, The Genius, The Savant, and become great beings.

Call it "You Are Known As Royalty Among The Stars; New Intellectuals, Übermensch, Humanists, Philosopher Kings, Visionary Thinkers, Renaissance Men", let us save the world <3

:::

We are writing a poem about fake things that stand in the way of human development, that stand in the way of growing as a young person and growing all the way up as an adult.

Let us explain to young people that religion is made up. It's a shared fantasy that eases some of the things that life throws at us. But from a general standpoint of grown-up adults, religion is weird. People who have grown all the way up and don't need fantasy think it's crazy. We have to address the problem of ineffective education. High school is great, you learn a lot about people, you stop hanging out in your own house, but it doesn't give real education. It forces you into memorization, it forces you into the idea of performing for a GPA so that you can graduate. The threat that always looms above your head is that if you don't memorize, you will ruin your future. A lot of things behind school are just a driver towards college, which you have to pay for, often with all of your savings. Ineffective education is useless. Memorization is not a form of education, it is a form of, it is a shallow mockery of education. Stress of school is harmful towards creativity, is harmful towards invention and things that threaten your future, whether it's bullies in your classroom or the teachers that are grading you down, are bad for your health and bad for your mental development.

We have to address the problem of money. It is not okay to inherit your parents' poverty. It is not okay to be born into poverty because it is a magnificent advantage that very often prevents people from receiving real education, from learning for real, as they are always stressed out and unable to think clearly. Work does not set a person free, and it never ends. It is not a function of pursuit of happiness. It is a contract for life. There is no invention here. It interferes with your wisdom, with the development of your higher self. There is no growing up when you spend most of your days at work.

Division of the world, as it is divided by borders and ran by secretive politicians who may not have a real education, who probably can't pass school tests, and even if they did, this would be a function of memorization and not a function of actual knowledge, isn't always good for us, because no one has the right to send your children into war. Life is sacred, it is precious, and political systems have to place life above everything else.

These strange leaders who are born wealthy, who spent decades on election carousels, who have no real education, who don't know how expensive stamps are, who don't know real schools that people who don't have money go to, they don't have a full grasp of the world. They are great at pretending and playing golf, but they are not very good at leading the world towards a better future. In fact, doing as little as possible may be what they are hoping to achieve.

And the worst thing of all is the notion that you may not be as intelligent as the really smart people. That is a horrible, terrifying mistake. No one should think that way. We are all equally capable. We all have the ability to become geniuses and great savants. So as long as we understand that we require real education so that our minds ignite and begin inheriting wisdom, and begin synthesizing wisdom, and carry on growing all the way up until we each stand as a great being. That is to say, we need a real education. Without real education, we aren't fully ourselves.

Every human being is meant to grow, grow all the way up, become creative and free in their mind, and build their own future, and expand their wisdom, become profoundly intellectual, and grow all the way up until they become a great being. This requires adventure, traveling around the world, or at the very least walking the Appalachian Pacific Crest and Continental Divide trails. We need time for growing up, and when that time is taken up by ineffective education, fake and expensive college that stresses us out and sends us into a lifetime of debt, and then work, work that is supposed to set us free, that promises us freedom and happiness, work that actually takes our time away, then we can't learn, then we can't rise, and the world remains the same. That is not right. We must all grow and learn. Our education and intellectual well-being must come first.
